README.md, before:

#The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS Samples

This repository contains sample apps that demonstrate various aspects of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS. Please refer to **README.md** in each sample directory for more specific instructions.

###Cognito Sync Sample ([Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/CognitoSync-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to securely manage and sync your mobile app data and create unique identities via login providers including Facebook, Google, and Login with Amazon.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon Cognito Sync](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###DynamoDB Object Mapper Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/DynamoDBObjectMapper-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/DynamoDBObjectMapper-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to insert / update / delete / query items using DynamoDB Object Mapper.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon DynamoDB](http://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###S3 Transfer Manager Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3TransferManager-Sample/Swift), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3TransferManager-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to upload / download multiple files simultaneously using S3 Transfer Manager. It also shows how to pause, resume, and cancel file upload / download.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###S3 Background Transfer Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3BackgroundTransfer-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3BackgroundTransfer-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to use the Amazon S3 PreSigned URL Builder to download / upload files in background.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)


###SNS Mobile Push and Mobile Analytics Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/SNS-MobileAnalytics-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/SNS-MobileAnalytics-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to set up Amazon SNS Mobile Push and record events using Amazon Mobile Analytics.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon SNS Mobile Push](http://aws.amazon.com/sns/)
* [Amazon Mobile Analytics](http://aws.amazon.com/mobileanalytics/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###IoT Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/IoT-Sample/Swift/))

This sample demonstrates how to publish and subscribe to data using AWS IoT.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon AWS IoT](http://aws.amazon.com/iot/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###IoT Temperature Control Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/IoTTemperatureControl-Sample/Swift/))

This sample demonstrates accessing device shadows using Cognito authentication; it works in conjunction with the Temperature Control Example Program in the [AWS IoT JavaScript SDK for Embedded Devices](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-js).

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon AWS IoT](http://aws.amazon.com/iot/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###Sample Apps for Version 1 SDK

Version 1 of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is deprecated as of September 29, 2014. If you are building new apps, we recommend you use Version 2.

To find the samples for Version 1 of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS, select the [v1 branch](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/v1).

Commit message:

Added Cognito Your User Pools Sample to README.md

README.md, after:

#The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS Samples

This repository contains sample apps that demonstrate various aspects of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS. Please refer to **README.md** in each sample directory for more specific instructions.

###Cognito Your User Pools Sample  ([Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/CognitoYourUserPools-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how sign up and sign in a user to display an authenticated portion of your app.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon Cognito Your User Pools](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###Cognito Sync Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/CognitoSync-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/CognitoSync-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to securely manage and sync your mobile app data and create unique identities via login providers including Facebook, Google, and Login with Amazon.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon Cognito Sync](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###DynamoDB Object Mapper Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/DynamoDBObjectMapper-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/DynamoDBObjectMapper-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to insert / update / delete / query items using DynamoDB Object Mapper.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon DynamoDB](http://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###S3 Transfer Manager Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3TransferManager-Sample/Swift), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3TransferManager-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to upload / download multiple files simultaneously using S3 Transfer Manager. It also shows how to pause, resume, and cancel file upload / download.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###S3 Background Transfer Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3BackgroundTransfer-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/S3BackgroundTransfer-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to use the Amazon S3 PreSigned URL Builder to download / upload files in background.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)


###SNS Mobile Push and Mobile Analytics Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/SNS-MobileAnalytics-Sample/Swift/), [Objective-C](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/SNS-MobileAnalytics-Sample/Objective-C/))

This sample demonstrates how to set up Amazon SNS Mobile Push and record events using Amazon Mobile Analytics.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon SNS Mobile Push](http://aws.amazon.com/sns/)
* [Amazon Mobile Analytics](http://aws.amazon.com/mobileanalytics/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###IoT Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/IoT-Sample/Swift/))

This sample demonstrates how to publish and subscribe to data using AWS IoT.

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon AWS IoT](http://aws.amazon.com/iot/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###IoT Temperature Control Sample ([Swift](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/master/IoTTemperatureControl-Sample/Swift/))

This sample demonstrates accessing device shadows using Cognito authentication; it works in conjunction with the Temperature Control Example Program in the [AWS IoT JavaScript SDK for Embedded Devices](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-js).

####AWS Services Demonstrated:

* [Amazon AWS IoT](http://aws.amazon.com/iot/)
* [Amazon Cognito Identity](http://aws.amazon.com/cognito/)

###Sample Apps for Version 1 SDK

Version 1 of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is deprecated as of September 29, 2014. If you are building new apps, we recommend you use Version 2.

To find the samples for Version 1 of the AWS Mobile SDK for iOS, select the [v1 branch](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-sdk-ios-samples/tree/v1).
